`azurerm_mssql_managed_instance` - support `storage_iops` (#32250)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_managed_instance.html.markdown

~> **Note:** The `general_purpose_v2_enabled` property can only be set to `true` when using a General Purpose (`GP_*`) SKU.

> * `storage_iops` - (Optional) The storage IOPS for the SQL Managed Instance. Possible values are between `300` and `80000`. This can only be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true`.

Reviewer: The ordering does not follow guideline. Check "Schema fields should be ordered as follows:" in guide-new-resource.md

> -> **Note:** The effective maximum value for `storage_iops` depends on the selected hardware family and `vcores`. Refer to [Azure SQL Managed Instance resource limits](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/resource-limits) for detailed information.

Reviewer: Remove the `/en-us` from doc URL path so users are routed to the correct locale.

Reviewer: > depends on the selected hardware family

What is 'hardware family'? Is it SKU? Can we say "depends on selected `sku_name` instead" ?

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type used to store backups for this database. Possible values are `GRS`, `GZRS`, `LRS`, and `ZRS`. Defaults to `GRS`.

* `storage_iops` - (Optional) The storage IOPS for the SQL Managed Instance. Possible values are between `300` and `80000`. This can only be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true`.

-> **Note:** The effective maximum value for `storage_iops` depends on the selected `sku_name` and `vcores`. Refer to [Azure SQL Managed Instance resource limits](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/resource-limits) for detailed information.

> * `zone_redundant_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the SQL Managed Instance is zone redundant. Defaults to `false`. This cannot be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true` because zone redundancy is not available for the [Next-gen General Purpose service tier](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/high-availability-sla-local-zone-redundancy#next-gen-general-purpose-service-tier).

Reviewer 2: move conditional requirements into an inline ~> **Note:**
```suggestion
* `zone_redundant_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the SQL Managed Instance is zone redundant. Defaults to `false`.

~> **Note:** `zone_redundant_enabled` cannot be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true` because zone redundancy is not available for the [Next-gen General Purpose service tier]([https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/high-availability-sla-local-zone-redun…](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/high-availability-sla-local-zone-redundancy#next-gen-general-purpose-service-tier).)
```

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) Specifies the storage account type used to store backups for this database. Possible values are `GRS`, `GZRS`, `LRS`, and `ZRS`. Defaults to `GRS`.

> * `zone_redundant_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the SQL Managed Instance is zone redundant. Defaults to `false`. This cannot be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true` because zone redundancy is not available for the [Next-gen General Purpose service tier](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/high-availability-sla-local-zone-redundancy#next-gen-general-purpose-service-tier).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `zone_redundant_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the SQL Managed Instance is zone redundant. Defaults to `false`.

 ~> **Note:** `zone_redundant_enabled` cannot be specified when `general_purpose_v2_enabled` is `true` because zone redundancy is not available for the [Next-gen General Purpose service tier](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/high-availability-sla-local-zone-redundancy#next-gen-general-purpose-service-tier).
```
